This application is to show you what you need to make certain Warframes, 
Weapons(Primary, Secondary, Melee), and companions in the game. 

To start off, launch main.py, then you'll be displayed with 3 buttons, 
Items, Materials, and Exit. Clicking on the Items button will give you another
choice to go through. These choices are Weapons, Warframes, and Companions.
When you click on Weapons you again get hit with another choice to look at 
the primary, secondary, and melee weapons. Click on Primary. Labels will 
appear on the screen, scroll over one of them and right above the exit 
button at the bottom you will see it tells you what relics these items drop 
from. Click Exit on the Primary Weapons window. Now click Secondary. Like 
the primary weapons button, you'll have the same option, right above the 
exit button it will display mouseover text for the individual items and where 
you can get them. Close this window and repeat with the melee weapons button. 
Next exit the Weapons Window. Click on the Warframes button in the Items window.
Now you'll have a list of Warframes on the right, followed by what you need 
to make their individual parts. If you scroll over the items it tells you 
where to get them and what planets you need to go to, to farm the resources. 
Click the Exit button to leave this window. Now click on the Companions button 
in the Items Window. Similar to what you just saw, mouseover text will display
the relics to farm these items. Now exit this window alongside the Items window.
Click on the materials Window, then click on the Material Inputs window. 
Initially this window was going to help you track what you needed for each 
individual item, but with mouseover text I was able to display where to get 
items so now it displays all fully made items, and where to get the parts 
in the label above the exit button. The Placeholder Stretch label is there
so the labels don't move when the text displays above the exit button. 
Click the exit button and click the Where to Find button on the Materials 
Window. This shows some common resources and what planets you can find them on.
This button is somewhat redundant considering the mouseover text was above to
partially do what it does. Exit this window and the Material window.
You may now exit the application through the Exit button on the Warframe Helper
Window. 